Veitnam infra conf 26 (#104)
openeverest/openeverest.github.io: content/resources.md

    type: "conference"
    image: "/images/resources/coscup-2026-chi.png"

>   - title: "Unified database provisioning and management on Kubernetes"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - title: "Running databases on Kubernetes can be easy - meet OpenEverest!"
```
